# Problems with Scrum

* Too much bureaucracy
* Depend on group quality
* Structure not as formal as in regular classes
* Scrum process is new and adds to confusion
* Oral exams too much work for teaching team

# Advantages of Scrum

* Trello is useful
* You get to know your class mates
* Teaching each other
* Lecture can cause you to lag behind, sprint based structure forces you to work harder
* Better results due to social pressure
* Continuous evaluation
* Expressing solutions orally important

# Mitigations of Scrum problems

We would like to use last year method but mitigate issues

## Scrum process

* Drop Burndown chart
* Drop Scrum planning meeting
  + Tutors: What is your opinion of our last year sprint schedules?
* Keep using Trello for major tasks according to plan
  + Who owns the tasks? Specific students or group?

## Evaluation

* Continuous but without oral exam every sprint
* More written exams
* Written exams a mix of open and multi-choice questions
* Variables: groups size, number of groups, exam format
  + We can maybe also test individuals within groups? Not all groups every sprint?
* What is our sprint evaluation method
  + David and Aleks: can you put forward some suggestions for discussion during next meeting?

## Tutoring

* Help weaker students pass the course
* Join specific teams for the duration of the course
* Ensure more equal share of load within teams
* Short informal end of sprint discussion with each student to gather issues
  + We will discuss these issues during our end of sprint teaching team meeting

## Communication

* Drop Slack
* Encourage them to use an IM
* Add tutor to IM group
* Protocol for problems with material: colleagues, tutor, TA, instructor
* Conducting mid-semester and end-of-semester surveys

# Teams

* David to send pre-course survey
  + David, what were the factors you have used?
  + Are there further factors?
* David to allocate teams
  + Noting possible hybrid mode restrictions
* What is the optimal size? Last year it was 5-6

# Teaching

* Check classrooms
* Assign dedicated student each session to read comments from remote students and ask instructor
